Stan Lee is a writer. He created many of our favorite heroes, Spider-Man, the incredible
Hulk, and the Silver Surfer are just three of them. In his stories, the heroes always
win in the end. When he was young, he loved to watch his favorite actors in films. He
wanted to create cartoon people just like them. He thought they were heroes because they
were brave and did not worry about danger. Real people in his life also helped Stan.
His teacher told great stories and made him love reading. The books he read, especially
books by famous writers like Charles Dickens and Mark Twain, made him want to write. His
mother was always proud of him and told him his work was good. Children often ask Stan how
they can become writers. He tells them to read. He says they should read everything, not
just their favorite kinds of books or books by famous writers. He says that reading is the
best way to learn to write. Stan hopes that teachers can make children want to learn. They can
make history, geography, languages, and science exciting. He says teachers should be more like
actors and make learning interesting.